All right. you two. There you go. Enjoy.
No. no! P-Please!
Do not do this!
Please... miles.
P-Please! Please!
My husband not do
this! Not do this! Help!
- We're just doing our jobs.
- What the hell?
Help! Help!
- What's going on?
- Back up. buddy.
Husband do not do this!
Wh-why would they
arrest Lee? I don't know.
- Stay clear. Stand clear.
- Someone help!
Do you think this could be
about the murder? No fucking way.
- He not do this. We're friends. Help.
- Can't you do something. dad?
- Not without being arrested.
- Help!
- Step back.
No. Don't.
Hey. hey. That's her husband.
That's Lee.
Dispatch. unit 37.
Possible civil disturbance
in business district. Backup requested.
This gathering exceeds the legal limit...
And now constitutes
an unlawful assembly.
Anyone who fails to
disperse will be arrested.
Whoa...
Hey. boss?
Yeah. reen. What's up?
Take a look at this.
It's glitchy but...
Get this to Houston asap. And to Dev.
He's gonna wanna see this.
Now keep in mind.
this data is incomplete.
The s.E.E.K.E.R.S only
gave us a partial data stream.
but we are seeing strong evidence
that something's
making proteins on titan.
Now. I hate to say it's
life before we're sure.
so let's make goddamn sure.
And I don't want to hear
about any of this getting out.
We have a head start on our
competitors. Can't let that slip away.
All right. let's get to work.
Can you believe it?
Walt may have found life. Kelly.
Life.
This could be huge.
Right? Get back here
as soon as you can.
Dev wants to talk to you.
Holy shit.
Can I help you? Yeah.
I'm here to see Lee jung-Gil.
Not possible. Why not?
Sheriff James has revoked
all visitation until further notice.
That's bullshit. He can't do that.
Well. if you'd like to. file an appeal.
fill out this form. check
back with us in a day or two.
Ed. you know you can't
take off your ankle monitor.
What are you doing here?
I came to see you.
You think I was just gonna sit back
and let you rot in here
all by your lonesome?
I do not know what to say.
Well. you can start by telling me
what the hell is going on.
You know they're
saying you killed this guy.
I did fight him.
Remember the man I told you about?
But I swear to you...
I didn't kill him.
Your word's good enough for me.
Hey. Thank you.
Buddy.
It'll be okay.
There's a lot of people out
there that are pulling for you.
care about you.
- That'll testify.
- Don't.
- Trial will not be here.
- What?
Yeah. They are moving me to...
- Neutral country.
- I know the m-6 charter.
They can't send you back to earth
without holding a hearing here first.
Because of my status they
say the rules do not apply to me.
They are putting me on next transport.
Ed. promise me...
You will take care of nam moon yeong.
Okay. no. Enough of that.
You're not going back.
It's bullshit.
Sending him back.
It's all just so crazy.
Well. that's how it works.
You break the rules. you go back.
Remember Sam's dad?
Yeah. it's fucked up.
I mean. if they're saying Lee did this
then he should be tried here by marsies.
Yeah. I mean. I-If he gets sent
down there he'll be convicted for sure.
Maybe he should be.
What? Come on. There's
no way he killed that guy.
And you're basing this on what exactly?
Well. I can't tell you how
many times my parents
have had him and moon
yeong over for dinner.
Yeah. i-I've known him since I was eight.
I never once saw him get angry.
I mean. he never even raised his voice.
Come on. Alex. That's a little naive. no?
The nice man who gave
you candy when you were little
couldn't possibly do something bad?
I hear what you're saying
but it's-it's not like that. Lee is...
He's so gentle and
affectionate with his wife.
And I just... I just don't see it.
Isn't that what they always
say about serial killers?
"He was such a nice man. So
considerate to his neighbors."
Until they found a dozen dead
bodies buried in his backyard.
But then by that logic
you can't trust anyone.
Ever.
Welcome to the Soviet union.
You okay. hon? It's just not right.
This is his home. he
should get to stay up here.
I can't believe they're
sending him back earth side.
Everyone's pissed. You know. maybe
we should get everyone here tonight.
Talk about it.
Yeah. good idea. I'm gonna
head to the loading dock.
Thanks for coming.
Thought I'd pick some
place nostalgic for you.
I told you to stop contacting me.
What do you want?
That was some shit
show with Lee yesterday?
Are you surprised?
It's bullshit. There's no
way he killed that man.
- I know Lee was well-liked.
- Is well-liked.
That's what I said. No. it wasn't.
All right. well. either way.
You always seem to have
your finger on the pulse.
So to speak.
So. we need your help again.
Should I be worried?
Maybe you should be worried
about whether you got the right guy.
Look. what I don't want.
and what I think you
don't want. is another riot.
And temperatures are
running damn high right now.
And I need to know if there's anyone
agitating for any sort of violence.
No one wants more violence.
And I told you before.
I'm not gonna help you.
Now. my deal with
them. was just the once.
then they said they would
leave me and my family alone.
Yeah. well. circumstances
have changed.
This Lee business has caused
some consternation down on earth.
We need to make sure that things
don't repeat themselves up here.
That sounds like a you problem.
How do you think your friends
would feel if they found out
what you did back in '03?
What did you say?
All those people.
Well. they just think
you're god's gift. Don't they?
Imagine how disappointed they'd all be.
Not to mention your daughters.
The way they look up to you.
How do you think they'd feel
if they found out you
sold out your friends?
We both want the same thing. miles.
Peace and quiet.
Now. I'm sure if you hear
of any trouble brewing.
you'll let me know.
Governor polivanov
was quick to announce
that an arrest has been made
in the red planet's first homicide.
Known around the world
as the first man on Mars.
Lee jung-Gil has been
charged with murder.
Lee defected from North Korea in 2004
after his home country
was voted out of the m-7
and forced to leave happy valley.
He's accused of killing a
fellow North Korean man.
It is unclear at this time what motive
may have driven the former ujunaut.
but authorities suspect it may
have been over a romantic dispute.
The crime has also put a spotlight on
happy valley's undocumented residents.
Many are concerned that
the growing number of craters.
those who came to Mars illegally and
live outside of the base's legal framework.
is leading to an increase
in crime on the base.
Statistics do not necessarily
support these concerns.
but nonetheless. many residents state
that they feel less safe
over the past months.
Governor polivanov emphasized
that no crime will go
unpunished on his watch
and Lee will be on a transport
back to earth to stand trial.
I'm sorry but there's nothing I can do.
My hands are tied. The
m-6 charter clearly states...
No. Come on. Fuck the charter!
This is the first man on
Mars we're talking about.
They don't care if he's the
second coming of Christ.
They will not make an exception.
I've already looked into it.
Bribe someone.
They'd love for me to try
something foolish like that.
Then they can send me packing
for earth right alongside Lee.
Come on. They'd never
come after you. You're...
My position is not as strong as you think.
They'd been handing out contracts
to my competitors left and right.
Like kuragin with that space
elevator. They're trying to push me out.
So all the more reason to fight 'em.
Sometimes you have
to pick your battles. ed.
We wouldn't have this asteroid
or any of this if it wasn't for
Lee jung-Gil and you know it.
And I will do everything in my power
to protect him once he's on earth.
I've already hired the best legal team.
It doesn't matter how
goddamn good they are.
If Lee gets sent to
earth. he's a dead man.
You remember what
happened to Svetlana zakharova
when they sent her down
to earth to stand trial in India.
I remember. She hung
herself in a jail cell.
No. she did not.
She'd never do that.
Soviets had her killed.
And if Lee gets sent to earth.
the north Koreans
will do the same to him.
Come on. Dev.
I'm sorry. ed.
I'm sorry there's nothing I can do.
Nothing you can do?
After all he did for you?
He didn't do it for me.
He did it for himself and his wife.
You're a cold-blooded bastard.
I have to be. You have to
be too to get what you want.
This is what we fought
for. What I'm still fighting for.
Meru will be a beacon
of freedom for us all.
but to build it I need to be
thinking three. four steps ahead.
And if I give them any excuse. the m-6 will
swoop down and snatch it all away from us.
That's all well and good. Dev.
But while you're up
here playing with legos.
Lee's life is on the line.
And I. for one. will
not abandon my friend.
May I come in?
I'd like to talk to you about yoon tae-min.
To make more trouble for my husband?
No. A-Actually to find out the truth.
Truth is what officer say.
Maybe where you came from
but that's not how it is here.
Then why... why is
my husband arrested?
That's what I want to understand.
He did not do this.
How'd your husband know Mr. Yoon?
He Korean like us.
We try to help people
like yoon when they arrive.
Get him job. Get him money.
But then. trouble come between them.
Why trouble?
My husband.
he's man of pride.
Yoon tae-min. he started
spending lots of money buying gifts.
For me too because he
get better job. better pay.
This job. What was it?
He work for new company.
Kuragin.
Are you sure? 'Cause kuragin.
helios. they can only use union labor.
They can't hire craters.
Yes. I am sure.
He work at night. out on surface.
Kuragin's not authorized
to do night surface work.
Well. that's what he tell me.
I ask what work with but he wouldn't say.
He seem afraid.
You were one hell of a cosmonaut.
I remember mir-7.
Damn near turned into a batch of
crispy marshmallows on that one.
Media blew a big melodrama out of it.
It was nothing really.
You call it a solid fuel oxygen generator
spewing out a three-foot column
of molten bits of metal and flames.
- You call that nothing?
- I was never worried.
Please. join me.
This is the most expensive
vodka on the market.
It has little bits of gold leaf in it.
Well. what do you know? Look at that.
- Wait. Do we do the whole thing?
- The whole thing.
Shit.
Well. admiral. I would...
I would love to reminisce more
but the tyranny of my schedule
demands we get down to business.
Absolutely.
I wanted to talk to
you about Lee jung-Gil.
Yes.
I've know the man for almost 20 years
and I can tell you without a shadow of
a doubt. he did not commit this murder.
Well. that's something for
the courts to decide. no?
The Mars charter states
that any resident has the right
to a hearing on happy valley...
Before they get sent back.
Every legal resident. yes.
But Lee is not a legal
resident and nor is his wife.
And their status is at the
discretion of the base leadership.
In other words. you.
It was my decision.
So change your decision. governor.
Because I can tell you there is no chance
that Lee had anything to do with this.
You remember our... Our first Mars crew
that got stranded here for 18 months?
Yes. Yes. we all followed that.
It was a miracle any of you survived.
Well. miracle... Lee was one
of the main reasons we did.
You know. towards the end of the
mission. most of the crew got sick.
And when our life support went down.
Lee was the one who got it back online.
Even though he'd never seen
anything but the Soviet systems
that y'all sold to his country.
So. without Lee we
would've all been dead
and there would be no colony here today.
Well. I'm glad you...
Brought up his past as
an important context...
Thank you... to his case.
Yes. Yes.
Isn't it true that Lee jung-Gil threatened
commander poole and your friend
Gregory kuznetsov with a pistol?
Well. yeah. well...
He-he was on a military
mission and he didn't know...
And didn't poole and kuznetsov
have to forcibly disarm him?
Force... well... technically
they had to... but-but he didn't...
And wasn't that gun later used to
shoot commander Danielle poole?
Now listen. Molly had
nothing to do with it. It...
Who? No... Lee. Lee.
Was he not one of the main instigators
of the riot that resulted
in that gun being fired?
L-Listen. you're getting
it all twisted. Just...
Wait. wait a sec. That
monitor on your ankle.
You are sentenced to wearing
it as the result of your own
criminal actions during
that insurrection. correct?
Listen to me. you son of a
bitch. I'm not a goddamn criminal!
Admiral...
I'm afraid we are out of time.
Congratulations. Walt.
Thanks. Kelly.
It's a... a start but it's
promising. For sure.
I heard you were having
trouble with your s.E.E.K.E.R.S.
I spent a lot of time with those
bots and I'd be happy to help.
They're stone dead. They went dark
before the sequencer could transmit
a complete backbone chain analysis.
So. if this means what
we hope it means...
Have to confirm it on the next mission.
Have you thought about
who's gonna be on your crew?
Crew? We're sending
another set of robotic probes.
S-Seriously? We don't have time for that.
Some of us actually pay attention
to the company exploration protocols.
Probes first. people second. And
only if warranted by probe results.
But you're about to
give up our advantage.
You know there are other
companies looking at titan.
If you really did find life. it's only a
matter of time before they will too.
I don't need you to tell
me how to do my job.
Why don't you focus on
your precious little crater?
Walt. this isn't about me or you.
It's about helios.
We can't blow this.
If another company
gets their hands on it first.
they'll be the ones to reap the rewards.
We'll lose valuable time
if we send another set
of glitchy s.E.E.K.E.R. Robots.
Humans need to do this.
I get it.
You're pushing a manned
mission because you wanna be on it.
That's not what I... I won't
go with a crewed mission
until I have verification of my results.
That's how it works.
Now. if you'll excuse
me. We have work to do.
What is he thinking?
A robotic mission?
I mean. hello.
you think kuragin is
just gonna bide its time?
They're gonna snatch
life right out from under us.
Wait. what are you talking about?
I told Walt the next
mission should be manned.
- And do you know what he actually said?
- No.
That what I really wanted was
to go on the mission to titan.
Yeah. Well. don't you?
No. No. I am strictly concerned
with the best scientific approach.
What?
- Mom. you totally wanna go.
- Yeah. I don't buy that shit at all.
No. I don't. Okay?
And that's beside the point.
All right. he doesn't
want a manned mission
and even if he did. he doesn't
need another exobiologist.
Well. you're still an
aviator. right? Be their pilot.
Dad. I haven't flown in
years. It's like riding a bike.
If you want something.
don't take no for an answer.
Also you're a Baldwin.
If things get a little
tough. you roll the hard six.
Come on. Alex. Back me up here.
- Roll the... the what?
- Hard six.
I hear you. dad. but
technically Walt is right.
You know. it is safer if we just send
another round of robotic probes. Safer?
Now that's exactly the attitude
that fucked us on Apollo 10.
When NASA stopped taking risks.
That's why we lost the moon.
I mean. why am I even giving
this guy the power to say no to me?
- Exactly. No.
- He doesn't get the last say.
That patronizing prick.
Yeah. mom.
I'll see you guys later.
Attagirl.
So. what are you gonna do about Lee?
I'll figure something out.
- I wanna help.
- Yeah. sure you do.
- I really do. No?
- No.
I've been trying to get
you to give a shit for years...
Suddenly now you wanna help out?
Can't even be bothered to
go to a single sdm meeting.
That was before everything
happened with Lee. I really want to.
What you want is to do whatever
it is you feel like in the moment.
See. that's the problem
with your whole generation.
You're so self-centered. It's me. me. me.
Why don't you just run around on
your beach in your little video games
and let the adults handle this. all right?
Yeah. You can be a
real asshole sometimes.
You know that?
Alex.
- You still out chasing ducks?
- Nah.
- Liar.
- What do you want. Stanislaus?
A supermodel wife and three kids?
- You're not my type.
- I know. but you asked.
Hey. I caught prisoner
escort duty tomorrow.
You want anything from
the Phoenix exchange?
Yeah. dental floss. Get
me two. I'll pay you back.
Yeah. not necessary. I gotcha.
- Night. partner.
- Good night.
I know you two have your differences.
but you are the best that we have.
And sometimes differences
lead to the best results.
So you guys need to
figure this out. Kelly's right.
A crewed mission to titan
makes the most sense.
Walt. you'll command. Your
expertise on titan is essential.
- Kelly will be your pilot.
- What? She doesn't have...
Dr. Baldwin happens to be a
crack naval aviator from way back.
As her father constantly reminds me.
Now get to it.
Yes. sir.
You won't regret this.
Walt.
I wouldn't have forced the issue
unless I truly believed in this mission.
- Look. I'm sure we'll...
- You're so full of shit.
Excuse me? The only
reason you're part of this
is 'cause you're part owner of helios.
But you know what? I'll make it work
because I believe in this
even more than you do.
The plain and simple fact is that
tomorrow morning Lee
jung-Gil gets sent back to earth
unless the people in this
room do something about it.
What can we do? I mean. you've
already spoken to the governor.
No. no. We need to take
matters into our own hands.
We need to break him out.
Now we're talking.
- That's right.
- Guys. come on. That's too far.
Look. I'm on Lee's side
as much as anybody here.
but what you're talking about is
exactly how things spiral out of control.
If we do nothing. Lee
could get hurt or killed.
Even if you do come up with a way
to get him out of custody. what then?
You gonna hide him somewhere forever?
- Right.
- Yeah. Palmer. the governor...
Look. they wouldn't
let up until they find him.
and then they'll just arrest
everyone who ever talked to Lee.
And then send us all back
down to earth. including Lee.
We gotta be smart about this.
- You gone soft. miles?
- Leave him alone.
Look. I understand their concerns. I do.
I mean. what we're talking
about here is a big risk.
so whoever doesn't wanna be
a part should walk away now.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Fucking cowards.
Trust me. It's better this way.
Listen. the word is. Lee
gets shipped off-planet
in less than 20 hours.
so whatever we do.
it's gotta come together
right fucking now.
Well. we can't break
into the holding cells.
We've all been in there.
Too many mpks. Too many guns.
Yeah. well. w-we gotta
engineer this in a way
without making anyone famous.
We gotta find the weakness
in their chains somehow.
You know. when I was locked
up. the guards got most worried
when they had to take us
to court. That makes sense.
You're more vulnerable
when you're out in the world.
Yeah. like when they take Lee
out to move him up to Phoenix.
- That's right.
- So what? We hijack a hopper?
- That's crazy.
- Maybe not.
I'm not on rota to fly
to Phoenix tomorrow.
but I think I can swap with Hansen.
Well. then we got a hopper.
Ronnie. you still have
access to the motor pool?
Sure do.
Well. now we're cooking with gas.
But how do we even get
him away from the mpks?
I think I got something.
Excuse me. What can
I do for you. officer?
I need to speak to whoever's in
charge of your employee records.
Concerning?
Concerning. yoon tae-min.
Mr. Yoon is reported to have done
some night surface work for kuragin.
and. I need to know what he was doing.
Isn't that sort of inquiry
usually done by an investigator?
Well. today it's being done by me.
I'm sorry. but you wasted your time.
There is no night surface
work done by kuragin.
A hopper landed last night
near the space elevator.
and cargo was seen being unloaded.
Cargo that doesn't appear
on any official base manifest.
We have no such
shipments as you describe.
So. I need to know what
you're bringing down here
and what that cargo was.
Tomas. our guest was just leaving.
Have a nice sol. officer.
The entry port is off limits.
Can't do anything if any of you
do not leave right fucking now.
Okay. All clear for prisoner transport.
Copy that. Almost there.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Whoa. Hold on.
It's okay. Give them a minute.
All right. Lee. It's time to go.
Boss around?
Entry port. They're moving Lee.
Prisoner transport wasn't
scheduled for another hour.
Moved it up. Shit. All right.
Here. Sit down.
Hey. spano. You think they got floss
- up at their px up on Phoenix?
- I don't floss. man.
- You don't what?
- Floss. I don't floss.
You don't floss? Out of principle?
Brother. gum disease is real. It'll get ya.
Hey. Pressure is dropping.
What?
What the hell?
Hey. What are you guys doing up there?
We're losing pressure back here.
Hey! We're losing pressure back here.
Transport one? Transport one!
Have 'em contact the protester's family.
Sir. can I talk to you before they take off?
They're already on board.
Rover's about to separate.
Yes. sir. There's something
going on at kuragin.
I think it might be
connected to yoon's death.
- What is it?
- Well. I don't know exactly.
But they're covering something
up. Lee might not be the right guy.
10-99.10-99. Officers need help.
- I need a sitrep.
- We need help!
Shit.
Equalization valve is broken.
- Oxygen.
- Check the tanks.
Get the tanks.
It's empty.
- Warning.
- Jesus.
Pk transport one. we have
officers trapped in there. Respond.
I can't get in.
Respond!
What?
Ed Baldwin?
We're good to disconnect. Here we go.
Let's go.
Dispatch. I need every patrol
rover after pk transport one.
Stop them and execute emergency entry.
- Copy that.
- Atc. Sheriff James.
Do you have eyes on
the rover leaving gate six?
Affirmative. sheriff.
It's headed toward the hopper pads.
Suit up. I need all my pilots
out there in hoppers now.
I'm not letting these
fuckers get out of here.
Yes. sir.
How's he doing?
- Pulse is fine. but he's still out.
- All right.
Pressure's coming back up. Uncuff Lee.
What was that?
Hold all air traffic. Nothing
flies unless I say so.
- Yes. governor.
- Where are they?
Heading to pad five. cargo
hopper. Hold all air traffic.
- Understood?
- Yes. ma'am.
All flights stand down.
Goddamn it.
I'll never make it.
I don't think I can fly the hopper.
Then I'll fly.
Are you sure? I thought
you weren't supposed to fly.
Of course I'm sure.
I didn't get all dressed up for nothing.
You think you can drive
the rover clear of the plume?
- Yeah.
- Good. All right.
Lee. Hey.
Wake up.
Okay. Yeah. Well. wake up.
Come on. I'm okay.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Dispatch. James.
Where the hell are my air assets?
Heading to our hoppers now. sir.
Tell 'em to get their asses in gear.
Full internal power.
Okay.
Here we go.
Those son of a bitches...
Are right behind us.
Pk air four. command.
Give me your status.
Command. air four. We got eyes
on 'em. but we're pushing red line.
Do not lose them. Exceed
red line if you have to.
You've got mpk air two
inbound at your 4:00.
Are they trying for korolev crater?
Korolev is north. Only thing that way is...
Isn compound. Son of a bitch.
Boyd. he can't reach that base.
They don't have an extradition treaty
- with the m-6.
- Wilco.
Sir. we're gaining on them.
Good. Stay on it.
Ed. surrender now and
you won't be harmed.
Son of a bitch.
Lee.
It's time for you to head below. Suit up.
As soon as we touch down.
I'm gonna kill the engine.
give you enough time to drop down.
What about you? Don't worry about me.
Warning. Landing beacon not acquired.
Command. mpk air four.
Their hopper's landing near isn.
Stay on 'em. We cannot
let them reach that base.
He's making a break
for the isn base air lock.
We're pursuing on foot.
All right. admiral.
Show's over. Let me see your hands.
Admiral.
Come on now.
Please don't make me...
Air four. Pk Boyd.
We need a medic right fucking now.
Copy that.
Prep the air lock for entry.